Improve wildcard explination plus adding URL Normailization (#41)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization: docs/4.4. Behaviour - Access Tokens.md

permitted to perform the specific request against. The asterisk wildcard ('`*`') is permitted in the path
specifiers.

A '`*`' wildcard can be used to replace zero or more characters (this is equivalent to the `.*` regex pattern), and may 

> encompass multiple path segments (e.g. `single*` or `single/senders/*/constraints` would both correspond to

Reviewer: Can we change 'correspond' to 'match'?

Author: ```suggestion
encompass multiple path segments (e.g. `single*` or `single/senders/*/constraints` would both match with
```

`/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/senders/ea388089-9ffb-4a81-b109-a19da845b3b6/constraints`). It is RECOMMENDED that the
wildcard is used in place of NMOS resource identifiers, such as UUIDs, to minimise token size. Specific identifiers MAY
be used in path specifiers if defining access to a small number of resources (such as a single node or device.)

Resource Servers SHALL apply [URL Normalization][URL Normalization] in order to prevent double dot URL `..` introducing 

> vulnerabilities. The path `/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/../bulk` MUST not be permitted by `single/*` path permission.

Reviewer: Do we need to specify which normalizations are required and which are optional or is pointing out the potential exploit enough?

> vulnerabilities. The path `/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/../bulk` MUST not be permitted by `single/*` path permission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
vulnerabilities. For example, the path `/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/../bulk` MUST not be permitted by `single/*` path permission.
```
This may be obvious, but I wouldn't want anyone to take it a little too literally.

permitted to perform the specific request against. The asterisk wildcard ('`*`') is permitted in the path
specifiers.

A '`*`' wildcard can be used to replace zero or more characters (this is equivalent to the `.*` regex pattern). The 
wildcard may encompass multiple path segments, may be used multiple times, and may appear at any position in the path 
permission (e.g. `single*` or `single/senders/*/constraints` would both match with
`/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/senders/ea388089-9ffb-4a81-b109-a19da845b3b6/constraints`). It is RECOMMENDED that the
wildcard is used in place of NMOS resource identifiers, such as UUIDs, to minimise token size. Specific identifiers MAY
be used in path specifiers if defining access to a small number of resources (such as a single node or device.)

> Resource Servers SHALL apply [URL Normalization][URL Normalization] in order to prevent double dot URL `..` introducing 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Resource Servers SHALL apply [URL Normalization][URL Normalization] in order to prevent double dot URL segments (i.e. `..`) due to them introducing 
```

Reviewer: l like adding 'segments', but dislike 'due to them', since URL normalization doesn't prevent the `..` segments themselves, it prevents them introducing the vulnerability.

```suggestion
Resource Servers MUST apply [URL Normalization][URL Normalization] to request URLs in order to remove '`..`' path segments, which could otherwise introduce
```

> vulnerabilities. For example, the path `/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/../bulk` MUST not be permitted by `single/*` path permission.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
vulnerabilities. For example, the path `/x-nmos/connection/v1.1/single/../bulk` MUST NOT be permitted by `single/*` path permission.
```

}
```

> _Note:_ The `*` may or may not be proceded by a slash.

Reviewer: I don't understand the purpose of this note.

Author: Several on my team assumed, from seeing the examples, that a `/` always came before a `*`

Seeing this in the morning, I should probably be in the paragraph above...

```diff
- A '`*`' wildcard can be used to replace zero or more characters (this is equivalent to 
- the `.*` regex pattern), and may encompass multiple path segments
+ A '`*`' wildcard can be used to replace zero or more characters (this is equivalent to
+ the `.*` regex pattern). The wildcard may encompass multiple path segments, may be
+ used multiple times, and may appear at any position in the path permission.
```
